hello friends this is normal here for
technique and in this video we are going
to show the virtual desktop feature on
the Windows 10 so we all know that the
Windows 10 has quite a lot of new
features and one of them is the virtual
desktop you can create multiple desktops
or na on your Windows 10 so this feature
was previously available only with our
third-party app now we have a multiple
desktop buffett you are available so you
can basically create multiple desktops
and have one for office work 14 / silver
and one for browsing exeter so you can
you can create multiple desktops and
have a different apps running in this
desktop these are really not really good
different desktop they're really virtual
desktop so you can create multiple
virtual desktop so we'll just show you
how to do that so you can see here
there's an icon called a task view so
just click this task view icon and you
can see on the right side or you can see
the option to create a new desktop so
just click this and you can see multiple
desktops of available your desktop one
and desktop too so just click on this
now we have in we are in a new test job
it's a virtual desktop actually so we
can see there is no app running right
now all of them are running in the
readiness the other desktop that's the
desktop one now if you click here you
can see you can add more desktops so now
i have created a third desktop and right
now i'm opening is to wrap here so in
third desktop we have this to adapt open
and if you go here if you go to the
second app second desk job you can't see
that so it's basically creating virtual
environments for work and personal stuff
so that they are you wound up mix up
your work of wave to your personal stuff
so that's very useful feature and you
can see you where you can close the
desktop from him again if you click here
you can see the preview of what is
available on each desktop and it can
also close these just up so once you
close this list of what happens is are
the apps running in that put particular
virtual desktop will be moved towards
the one which is available so right now
we have closed the third desktop and you
see the steward app has been moved to
the second desktop what happens if you
if you go and remove the second desktop
so let's just close the second desktop
and you can see the steward has come to
the first gesture of that the virtual
desktop so that's how you manage your
multiple desktops or numb windows
tenants very useful feature and you can
create multiple of them and add
different apps to each of these real job
so that you don't doubt mix up different
apps running on a single desk job
another option on the virtual desktop is
that when you press the Windows key +
tab key you can see are the different
apps running so you can see here
different apps running on this just
opened another option with the desktop
is that you can drag and the move
different apps from one desktop to
another so right now we will just show
you that so he is a task view I'm moving
the file explorer to the desktop too so
you can see I moved out that too
destructive to and even this to to
desktop free so you can see that I can
just drag and rearrange the virtual
desktops of apps running in different
virtual desktop so easily so this task
view is the option now the the bottom
view bottom portion you can see the task
you that's the area where you create and
manage your virtual desktops so we're
useful feature you can try it out or now
your Windows 10 and get multiple apps
running on virtual desktops so that's
all guys so hope you like this video if
you have any queries on this this
rocking a common and we'll be glad to
help you are you require ease on Windows
10 so do subscribe to your YouTube
channel for more videos on Windows 10
coming soon so that's all guys thanks
for watching and have a great day